# Infrastructure as Code Examples
The Terraform code in the directories under this one provide examples for provisioning infrastructure into AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

## aws-ec2-instance
This example provides a simple example to provision an EC2 instance running Ubuntu in AWS.

## azure-vm
This example provides a simple example to provision an Azure Windows VM and required resources in Azure. Note that it uses a module from the public [Terraform Module Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/).

## gcp-compute-instance
This example provides a simple example to provision a Google compute instance in GCP.

## k8s-cluster-acs
This example illustrates how you can provision an Azure Container Service (ACS) cluster. If you use this, also check out the [k8s-services](../self-serve-infrastructure/k8s-services) directory which lets you provision a web app and redis database as Kubernetes pods to the ACS cluster.

## k8s-cluster-aks
This example illustrates how you can provision an Azure Container Service (AKS) cluster using the new AKS service that is replacing ACS. If you use this, also check out the [k8s-services](../self-serve-infrastructure/k8s-services) directory which lets you provision a web app and redis database as Kubernetes pods to the AKS cluster.

## k8s-cluster-gke
This example illustrates how you can provision a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster. If you use this, also check out the [k8s-services](../self-serve-infrastructure/k8s-services) directory which lets you provision a web app and redis database as Kubernetes pods to the GKE cluster.

## k8s-cluster-openshift-aws
This example illustrates how you can provision an OpenShift 3.7 cluster into AWS using Terraform and ansible-playbook. If you use this, also check out the [k8s-services-openshift](../self-serve-infrastructure/k8s-services-openshift) directory which lets you provision a web app and redis database as Kubernetes pods to the OpenShift cluster.

## aws-lambda-ec2-lifecycles
This example illustrates how you can provision some AWS Lambda functions to help you terminate EC2 instances that are running longer than desired.

## dynamic-aws-creds
This example illustrates how you can use short lived AWS keys dynamically generated by Vault in your Terraform projects. It breaks up the usage of those keys into producer and consumer roles.

## dynamic-aws-creds-from-vault
This example also illustrates the use of short lived AWS keys dynamically generated by Vault in the context of provisioning some AWS networking infrastructure.

## hashistack
This example illustrates how to provision a HashiStack cluster running Nomad, Consul, and Vault in AWS, Azure, and Google.
