# Governance with Terraform Sentinel Policies

Sentinel gives operations teams the governance capabilities they need to ensure that all infrastructure provisioned with Terraform Enterprise complies with their organization's provisioning rules. The files under this directory and its sub-directories provide some sample Sentinel policies for AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and VMware as well as some cloud-agnostic policies.

The policies are grouped into [first-generation](./first-generation), [second-generation](./second-generation), and [third-generation](./third-generation) directories. The first-generation policies were created in 2018. The second-generation policies were created in 2019 and made significant [improvements](./second-generation/README.md#improvements) including better information for resources that violated policies. Both the first-generation and the second-generation policies used the original v1 versions of the tfplan, tfstate, and tfconfig imports. The third-generation policies were created in 2020 and use the v2 versions of those imports. The third-generation policies also use [Sentinel Modules](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/extending/modules/) which allow the policies to be much shorter than the second-generation policies. You can read more about the important characterizations of the third-generation policies [here](./third-generation/README.md#important-characterizations-of-the-new-policies).

Note, however, that the v2 imports can only be used with Terraform 0.12 and higher. We encourage users who are only enforcing policies against Terraform 0.12 and higher to use the third-generation policies and to model new policies on them. But if you still need to enforce policies against Terraform 0.11 configurations, then you should use the second-generation policies.
